== README
* Ruby/Rails version
ruby 2.1.5p273 (2014-11-13 revision 48405) [i386-mingw32]
Rails 4.2.4

* Running the Application
Since we have not deployed the application anywhere you will need to get the
development tools to run it.
1. I followed http://installfest.railsbridge.org/installfest/
2. Once you've gotten all of that, fire up the Command Prompt With Ruby on Rails 
   (this is on Windows) or whatever your operating system's equivalent 
   is that was installed during the installfest.
3. Change directory using the appropriate command (cd in the case of Windows) to where
   the application is stored.
3.1. Since the database schema and actual contents may not be on github, follow the 
     directions under the Database creation and initialization sections.
4. Type the command "rails server" (without quotes) and wait while it sets everything up.
5. After about thirty seconds everything should be good to go.  From here you can open your
   browser and go to localhost:3000 (type that in the address bar in the same way you would google.com)
6. The application should now be running.  To stop execution either close the Command Prompt With Ruby
   on Rails or press ctrl+c keys while the Rails Command Prompt is the active window.
* Database creation
First, follow the steps in the "Running the Application" section at the top up to step 3.1. <br />
From here, execute the command "rake db:migrate" in the Command Prompt. <br />
You may also have to enter this command "rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test". <br />
That's it!  The database schema has been created.
* Database initialization
To load in the initial set of questions execute the following tasks. They must be in this order! <br />

rake add_data_to_domain:add_data <br />

rake add_data_to_subdomain:add_data <br />

rake add_data_to_question:add_data